# ng-rails-vagrant

This project contains a vagrant configuration that is a companion to the [ng-rails video Fullstackedu](https://www.fullstackedu.com/products/ng-rails).

Want to learn how to create applications with AngularJS and Rails? [Checkout the course.](https://www.fullstackedu.com/products/ng-rails)

### Setting up

- Visit: [https://github.com/fullstackio/ng-rails-vagrant](https://github.com/fullstackio/ng-rails-vagrant)
- Download ZIP and save it on your hard drive 
- Open the .zip file 
- Open up a terminal and visit that directory 

> Let's `cd` into the directory `ng-rails-vagrant`. When you `cd` into this directory you might get this notice if you have `rvm` installed. If you don't see it, it's no problem. `rvm` is a tool people use to manage different ruby versions and different groups of gems.
> 
> I wrote this `.rvm` file so I am going to reply `y` to trust it.

```bash
cd ng-rails-vagrant

# This will install a few vagrant plugins
./bin/bootstrap

# This will boot our virtual machine and install a bunch of software. This can take a few minutes, so you might want to grab a cup of coffee.
vagrant up

# Alright now we're done. If you get any errors, try running this:
vagrant provision

# Now that the machine is booted we can ssh into it. To do that we type: 
vagrant ssh
```


### License
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Fullstack.io, LLC

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
